So let's solve the issue we have here.
Our our card, our circle posé is taking up the entire space in our surface, which is not what we want.
So what we can do actually, and this is going to help us because in the long run, that's what we want
to do in a way because we want to make sure that we have another composable in this case and that a
widget on top here, right?
What we want to do is to wrap our circle inside of another composable.
OK.
So what would that be?
Well, that composable is going to be a column.
We want to be able to have widgets that are from top to bottom that are lined up vertically.
What I can do really here is I'm going to put inside of a column because that's what I need to enter.
And then we're going to get our friend here.
If you just say command shift and arrow up control plus shift plus Arrow app on Windows.
It's going to take this entire line of code inside of column, just like that, if I go ahead and rerun
this real quick.
We'll see that if you changes will happen.
One important change that is and they will go now you can see instead of taking the entire space, it
wouldn't put a column.
It reduces the size to the correct size, which is exactly what we want.
Now we still have a problem here.
We want this button to be in the middle of the screen.
This is going to be in the middle of our surface because this indeed is the outer canvas where everything
is being laid out.
So if you have all over again our column here, you will see it's a composable and we have that modifier.
But most importantly, we can now align things vertically or arrange things vertically, as well as
arranged things horizontally.
This is really helpful because that means we have a lot of control of whatever we put inside of our
column.
So let's go ahead and say I want to still vertically, so say for that.
Wait a second vertical arrangement so I can arrange vertically by passing.
Arrangement.
Like this, I want this to be center, so there are a few options.
There's top the center, there's bottom and so forth.
So we're going to see a center like this.
And let's go ahead and run away quick and we'll see what's going to happen.
Aha!
It is, senator.
Yes, however, however, it was said, firstly, we want this to be center so vertically.
It is indeed in the middle.
If we go top to bottom.
But we also want to horizontally be in the middle.
How do we do this?
Well, we're going to go ahead and say horizontally, let's put a comma there.
I say horizontally.
I said a line.
I want centre horizontally like this if we run this again.
And voila, now the button is indeed in the middle of the screen, which is exactly where we want.
Now, remember, I'm passing inside of my app here, which is being called.
You know, I said content and my app as a composable, we have a surface and inside of the surface.
This is the surface with this color inside of a surface.
We added a column and we made sure that everything or anything that is inside of his column is going
to be vertically arranged center and center or horizontally arranged horizontally.
That's why we get there.
Very good.
And of course, inside of our column, that's where we create the sort of what we call critics circle,
which is indeed this composable here.
And right away, you can see that indeed we have everything in the middle as well because we just previewing.
We've now passed the my app, which contains the surface and we're passing.
There's a column there and then we have and then we're calling the create circle.
And there you have it.
So next, what is or what to do?
Well, next, we want to pass by the top here.
What it can do, actually, it can go straight in.
Put a text right in this text here will say what?
Well, I want this to say hello.
And it's text here.
I can say text.
Now there's another thing to notice.
Very interesting here is that we can actually pass named arguments here, and it's really a good idea
to pass name arguments because especially when we sort of passing a lot of arguments into our composable
here, things get a little bit chaotic if we don't add these named arguments.
OK?
You don't have to.
In fact, you can just go ahead and just say something like this.
Hello, and that still works.
But it's a good idea to always pass the actual argument to name something like this and then pass the
values to data in this case.
So for now, I'm just going to go ahead and say, 100 like this.
Of course it's going to be.
Of course, this is going to be inside of double quotes.
Oops, let's go ahead and refresh.
And there we go.
So it's hard to see, but there it is.
And we have our tap button, which is a button now because we made it clickable and then we have the
text there.
Now, imagine that we want to put some sort of space between this circle and this text.
How do we do this?
Well, there is a specific composable that we can use called spacer like, say, space or like this.
Again, you can pass a modifier.
The modifier in this case could be a few things.
So I'm going to say modifier.
Let's go ahead and just type it all out on fire.
And because I want the height of this modifier and because I want to make sure let's go back this,
let's go back again here.
I want to make sure that the height right between this widget and the next one.
There's some sort of separation.
So the more height I have, the more separation I get.
That's why I can then go see my modifier.
That height.
And give it value, let's say, of very deep.
So refresh.
And they go.
You can see there is that space that we need.
So the more space we give and sort of 100 and see, the greater this number is in our height, the more
space we'll get.
So we have a things set up as we want to look and feel good.
Let's go ahead and run one more time onto our emulator so we can see exactly how all of this transpired.
There we go.
We have our app is working and look, well, good.
But you noticed that the text is really small here.
We want to make this a little bit bigger.
How do we do that?
Well, funny, you ask.
We can go inside of attacks here.
If you have over again instead of a text to remember, this is still a composable function we can pass.
Of course, the text would pass the string.
There it is, but we can also pass other arguments.
That's the beauty, again of compose here.
Of course, we know we have the modifier.
Our good friend, we can pass the color, font, size, font style and so forth.
But you see that the last one we have here is style.
This is more free form way of styling our text.
I'm going to use that so I can show you.
So I'm going to say, comma, I'm going to put style and we can pass a textile type again.
So same textile like this.
And you can see we have textile default in many other we have there.
It's textile.
And you can see if I hit enter in sort of a textile, we can pass all kinds of arguments.
Oh, this is beautiful.
So we can really customize our text to our liking.
Look at all of this.
All right.
So in this case, here I can go and change the color.
I can probably say would enter into your line and see color and set color.
I'm going to use this color here and then I want this to be white.
OK?
And then I can see options space.
And then I can say font size.
Right, or font size and let's say, 19?
And now I'm going to use a different unit, which is as P.
OK, so whenever you want to use font sizes, ESP is the recommended.
So I'm going to say alt or option enter to import SB Library.
There we go.
And now if I run this.
It's 100 still small so we can play, let's say, thirty nine.
That's much better.
OK.
Because we just change it.
Style an attribute here.
You notice that we didn't have to run everything to see the changes.
This looks great.
Maybe 30.
Maybe 35 can play with this forever.
OK, so there we go.
It looks real good.
And we can make it bold and say font weight.
Then I have to say font weight and then go get bold.
The other thing I can do, I can start typing bold like this, and the idea will actually give the option
for bold or extra.
But let's say extra bold, because we're feeling extra today.
OK, let's go ahead and run this.
OK.
There it is.
So we were able to put together this user interface.
OK, so it's very simple, but at least, but at least is going to guide us understand how things will
work, how to compose.
No pun intended.
How to compose a nice user interface, as you see here.
Now, obviously, the whole idea is that we want to make sure that when we tap as we tap this button,
we made this a button.
It's just a circle.
We want to increase this number here.
Right.
We'll start zero and go from there.
And that's all going to be doing in the next video.